what to do next:


deployment task root sorting

package deployment doesn't take the drive into account when using the archive.xml iisapp path value


optional console param to set the executing folder to be the same as the exe's folder


file / folder permissions task

atm it gives modify permisisons... want to be able to remove a permission / set different permissions.
want to be able to give a list of users for a given folder
want to be able to give a list of folders / paths to have permissions set on it.



put any issues, bugs etc into github


installer app - handler to set folder permissions for a given path..
	Values like:

	Path
	Permission , read, write, etc
	People to be given permission
	Inheritable?




create a nuget package that will install it into the sln, create the folders, stubs and bat / cmd file.

create article on new site about it... i.e. start blogging about it.


exe action component stuff


Create some examples with config files.


check the ID of the website / application in the config, change it if it is already being used.



future ideas:

- only do an update if there is a difference on the destination machine.
	if you have the config you want setup check to see if all settings are the same.  could do this with dump destination server settings and check files are identical.

- do iisreset, start stop commands etc on local or remote server

- have command to be able to auto backup current website or vdir when doing a deploy, would rename folder to some backup name (date or something specified)




UI related stuff:
-----------------

-- Davids help required:

help me make it pretty
decent way of dealing with dialogs




--imideiate todo:

navigation
make toast popup window thingy
commands for each ViewModel to do exporting
dialog for each command, params etc.


/client app-iisbackup:

want viewmodel for global (main page)
	then one for app pool, website and vdirs
	commands to load each viewmodel
	command to export the whole IIS

	viewmodel base:
		notify property changed
		refresh data, (clear all cache and reload data)

	app pools:
		list apppools
		selected app pool
		list of websites owned by that appPool
		command to:
			export app pool(s)
			view selected website(s)

